<s:div xmlns:s="http://jboss.com/products/seam/taglib"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:a="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" id="AnaRepDiv1">
	<!-- START Vendor Submission Batch List -->
	<rich:panel rendered="#{s:hasRole('ADMIN') or s:hasRole('CM Content Coordinator') or s:hasRole('CM Management')}">
	<section class="task">
		<h1>Start ANAREP Job on Vendor Submissions</h1>
		<section>
			<h:form id="submissionBatchReportId" enctype="multipart/form-data">
				<dl>
					<dt>Spreadsheet Path:
						<s:fileUpload data="#{vendorSubmissionBatchList.file}"
							required="true">
						</s:fileUpload>
					</dt>
					<dt>
						<h:commandButton value="Upload"
							action="#{vendorSubmissionBatchList.create()}" />
					</dt>
				</dl>
			</h:form> 
		</section>
		<section>
			<p>Sends ConPrep information needed to start an Analysis and Reporting (ANAREP) job on vendor submissions. The following ANAREP jobs are available for vendor submissions.</p>
			<p>Jbooks-AR-vendorBook-AutoQC-Profile.xml -- runs the most current automated quality control checks over previously accepted vendor book submissions. Reports all errors and warnings.</p>
			<p>Jbooks-AR-vendorBook-CopyrightPubdateCheck.xml -- compares the book publication date supplied by the publisher (from the SCM record in CATS) to the copyright year(s) from PDF as captured by the vendor. Reports an error if there is more than a 1 year difference (in either direction) between the years.</p>
			<p>Jbooks-AR-vendorBook-ExtractMetadata-Profile.xml -- writes the Library of Congress Classification, Library of Congress Subject Headings (LCSH), and copyright year(s) from the vendor submission to the book record in CATS. Overwrites preexisting information in CATS. </p>
			<p>
				<a target="_blank"
					href="../templatespreadsheets/VendorSubmissionBatchListTemplate.xlsx">Download
					Template Spreadsheet</a> to see an example.
			</p>
		</section>
	</section>
	</rich:panel>
	<!-- END Vendor Submission Batch List -->

	<!-- START Submission Batch List for Literatum -->
	<rich:panel rendered="#{s:hasRole('ADMIN') or s:hasRole('CM Content Coordinator') or s:hasRole('CM Management')}">
	<section class="task">
		<h1>Run ANAREP Job on Delivery Platform Submissions</h1>
		<section>
			<h:form id="ltmSubmissionBatchListId" enctype="multipart/form-data">
				<dl>
					<dt>
						Spreadsheet Path:
						<s:fileUpload data="#{ltmSubmissionBatchList.file}"
							required="true">
						</s:fileUpload>
					</dt>
					<dt>
						<h:commandButton value="Upload"
							action="#{ltmSubmissionBatchList.create()}" />
					</dt>
				</dl>
			</h:form>
		</section>
		<section>
			<p>Sends ConPrep information needed to start an Analysis and Reporting (ANAREP) job on delivery platform submissions. The following ANAREP jobs are available for delivery platform submissions:</p>
			<p>Jbooks-AR-Lit-Submission-ColorSpaceCheck-Profile.xml -- identifies the colorspace (RGB or CMYK) of front cover images and reports on CMYK covers. </p>
			<p>
				<a target="_blank"
					href="../templatespreadsheets/LtmSubmissionBatchListTemplate.xlsx">Download
					Template Spreadsheet</a> to see an example.
			</p>
		</section>
	</section>
	</rich:panel>
	<!-- END Submission Batch List for Literatum -->
</s:div>